DOC: clarify from_spmatrix converts to CSC, not COO (GH-43419) (#65532)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/user_guide/sparse.rst

   sdf.head()
   sdf.dtypes

> All sparse formats are supported, but matrices that are not in :class:`~scipy.sparse.csc_matrix` format will be converted, copying data as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All sparse formats are supported, but matrices that are not in Compressed Sparse Column (CSC) matrix format will be converted, copying data as needed.
```
(Don't want to be tempted to add intersphinx for Scipy again)
